{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red66\green1\blue120;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c33333\c10196\c54510;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18160\viewh13580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ABOUT PAGE\

\fs64 \

\fs48 ABOUT THE TRAA\

\f1\b0\fs24 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The TRAA Works at a Grassroots Level Within the Thames River Watershed to:
\f2\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\i0\b\fs26\fsmilli13280 \cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\b0\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
protect, enhance and regenerate a viable, multi-species, year-round fishery.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
promote and participate in environmental clean-up, pollution control and rehabilitation. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
breed, relocate and stock to re-establish or augment appropriate species of fish. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
promote environmentally sound sport fishing practices. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
form partnerships with community businesses, government agencies, special interest groups, landowners, and other stakeholders in the Thames River watershed. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \cb2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
increase public awareness of the unique diversity of the Thames River Watershed, its challenges, its recreational opportunities and its vital importance to our community.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In the spring of 1986 the TRAA was formed by anglers concerned with the state of the fishery in the Thames River watershed, particularly the dwindling smallmouth bass population in the North Thames River.\
\cb1 \
\cb2 The TRAA is not a fishing club, although most members are anglers and share fishing as a common interest. We are a "hands on" environmental group who likes to work at a grass roots level.\
\cb1 \
\cb2 The TRAA is a volunteer organization, governed by a formal constitution and by-laws. An elected Executive, with the guidence of the General Membership, sets the policies and direction for the TRAA.\cb1 \
\cb2 The TRAA has a history of always having a core group of active members supported by those who just want to be part of the solution. Either way, every member of the TRAA is active in their advocacy for the health of the Thames River watershed and its inhbitants.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 OUR TEAM
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 TRAA Executives
\fs64 \

\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 President: 
\f4\b Rob Huber
\fs32 \

\f1\b0\fs28 Vice president: 
\f4\b Paul Holmes\

\f1\b0 Secretary: 
\f4\b Jeremy Beaton\

\f1\b0 Treasurer: 
\f4\b Randy Bailey\

\f1\b0 Chairperson: 
\f4\b Adam Bengen\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs50 \cf0 TRAA Volunteer Committee Chairs\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 Trout: 
\f4\b Dan Schinkelshoek
\fs32 \

\f1\b0\fs28 Warmwater: 
\f4\b Pud Hunter\

\f1\b0 Habitat: 
\f4\b Jeremy Beaton\

\f1\b0 Public Relation: 
\f4\b Rob Huber, Randy Bailey, Paul Noble\

\f1\b0 Hatchery Management: 
\f4\b Adam Bengen, Randy Bailey\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 BUSINESSES
\f4\fs28 \
\

\f0\fs48 Local Businesses Step Up to Help Out the TRAA\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb2 The support of the following area business people is much appreciated\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 Over the past couple of years the folks at Melchers Construction Ltd have offered up their beautiful boardroom for TRAA executive meetings{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.melchersconstruction.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 . }}It's an ideal space with all the amenities required for us to accomplish all the "behind the scenes" work of the TRAA. Many thanks go out to the continued support of Melchers Construction Ltd.\
\
Members of the trout hatchery rotation know the woes we've had with lighting in the hatchery. Even with larger fixtures installed a few years ago, it was still frustrating on days when the mercury dipped below -15C and the fluorescent technology just teased us with its dull flicker. Enter Mike Jeffries of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.guillevin.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Guillevin Greentech}} in London with nice set of bright and dependable (and new!) LED fixtures. Once they were installed it was like working in well-appointed laboratory.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 The TRAA voted unanimously to re-name the TRAA trout hatchery honouring Keith Wales' memory and his unselfish support of the TRAA's work in the London area, in particular Komoka Creek. Special thanks go out to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mumamanufacturing.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Muma Manufacturing}} in St. Thomas for donating the beautiful laser-cut aluminum sign.\
\
After cleaning up the area around the TRAA shed and trout hatchery, our trailer was quite full and needed to be emptied. A big 'thank you' goes out to Rick Vandersluis and Mike Seabrook of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tryrecycling.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Try Recycling}} who allowed the TRAA to empty the trailer at their facility free of charge.\
\
Before we could take the trailer to Try Recycling, we needed to get the spare tire for the trailer fixed. Pat Devincenzo, proprietor of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://anglingsports.ca/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Angling Sports}}, offered to get it repaired. Turns out the tire needed replacing and Pat took care of it.\
\cb1 \
\cb2 Angling Sports also supplied cards for all TRAA members that entitle them to a discount equal to the tax on anything in the store.\cb1  \cb2 Thanks Pat, your generosity is greatly appreciated.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs32 \cf0 \
}