{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-BoldItalic;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Italic;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18160\viewh13580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HOME PAGE\

\fs64 \

\fs48 Welcome to the TRAA
\f1\b0\fs24 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dedication Today for Tomorrow
\f3\i \

\f4\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\i0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 "For the enhancement, protection and promotion of a viable,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb2 multi-species fishery within the Thames River watershed.\'94
\f4\i \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\b\fs32 \cf0 TRAA General Meeting
\f4\i\b0 \cb1 \

\f2\i0\b\fs28 \cb2 7:00PM - Wednesday, January 9, 2019\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b0 \cf0 Happy New Year!
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\i0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 As part of the new you for 2019 why not start coming out to TRAA General Meetings. That way you're up on the latest details on TRAA news, plans and events.\cb1 \
\cb2 Also note that with the New Year, it is time to renew your TRAA membership if you haven't already!\cb1 \
\cb2 As always, guests are always welcome. If you're not a member feel free to drop in and check out what the TRAA is all about.\cb1 \
\cb2 We meet at the Western Ontario Fish & Game Protective Association clubhouse at 790 Southdale Road, London Ontario.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs48 \cf0 \cb2 TRAA Trout Hatchery
\f5\b0\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \cb2 Brown Trout Eggs Arriving Soon!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b0\fs28 \cf0 The TRAA trout hatchery is a popular activity of the TRAA as it's a great teaching tool with regard to the life cycle of a trout. Those involved with the hatchery get to see firsthand the development stages of the egg and the fry before their final release destinations to area streams.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 Volunteers attend to the operation every day to maintain the health and well-being of the trout. As the saying goes, many hands make light work.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 There are ideally 2 members assigned for each day of the week. This is desirable as they can cover for each other and also allows us to match up anyone wanting to "learn the ropes" with an experienced mentor.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb2 At this time there are still openings those wanting to be a part of the trout hatchery rotation. You can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:traa@anglers.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 Contact Us}} or attend a TRAA General Meeting (see above) for more info.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs48 \cf0 \cb2 Rod Building 
\fs36 \cb2 - Your First Time
\f5\b0\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \cb2 7:00PM - Mondays, February 18 through March 11, 2019\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b0\fs28 \cf0 This will be a series of informal, hands-on sessions that will result in a spinning or fly rod that you have assembled and finished yourself.\
\
This opportunity is open only to current members of the TRAA, WOFGPA and/or FCFFC.\
\
Registration will be closed when 15 paid-up participants have registered, or January 11, 2019, whichever comes first.\
\
An email with further details has been sent out. If you haven't received this email by Wednesday, December 19th, please {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:traa@anglers.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \cb2 Contact Us}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Presented by:
\f5\b0  Thames River Anglers Association with the Western Ontario Fish & Game Protective Ass\'92n and the Forest City Fly Fishing
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \
The Western Ontario Fish & Game Protective Association clubhouse is at 790 Southdale Road, London Ontario.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs48 \cf0 \cb2 TRAA Gear is now available!
\f5\b0\fs32 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \cb2 Tee shirts, hats and stickers.\
\

\f5\b0 Many of you have already ordered the TRAA tee shirts, but if you haven't you had better hurry because many sizes are almost sold out! These are a steal at $15 each.\
\cb1 \
\cb2 There are three different hat colours available: Clay Grey, Burnt Orange and Taupe. If you thought the tee's were a good deal, all three editions of these hats are also priced at $15 each.\
\cb1 \
\cb2 We now have some nice stickers featuring the TRAA logo that you can display on your vehicle, boat, lunchbox or wherever you like. These are $2 each but you get one for joining the TRAA as a member or renewing an existing TRAA membership.\
\cb1 \
\cb2 Get your TRAA Gear (makes a great Christmas gift!) at any TRAA event, such as this coming General Meeting.}